Buildroot is a simple, efficient and easy-to-use tool to generate embedded
Linux systems through cross-compilation.

The documentation can be found in docs/manual. You can generate a text
document with 'make manual-text' and read output/docs/manual/manual.text.
Online documentation can be found at http://buildroot.org/docs.html

To build and use the buildroot stuff, do the following:

1) run 'make menuconfig'
2) select the target architecture and the packages you wish to compile
3) run 'make'
4) wait while it compiles
5) find the kernel, bootloader, root filesystem, etc. in output/images

You do not need to be root to build or run buildroot.  Have fun!

Buildroot comes with a basic configuration for a number of boards. Run
'make list-defconfigs' to view the list of provided configurations.

Please feed suggestions, bug reports, insults, and bribes back to the
buildroot mailing list: buildroot@buildroot.org
You can also find us on #buildroot on Freenode IRC.

If you would like to contribute patches, please read
https://buildroot.org/manual.html#submitting-patches

22.5. Submitting patches
Note
Please, do not attach patches to bugs, send them to the mailing list instead.

If you made some changes to Buildroot and you would like to contribute them to the Buildroot project, proceed as follows.

22.5.1. The formatting of a patch
We expect patches to be formatted in a specific way. This is necessary to make it easy to review patches, to be able to apply them easily to the git repository, to make it easy to find back in the history how and why things have changed, and to make it possible to use git bisect to locate the origin of a problem.

First of all, it is essential that the patch has a good commit message. The commit message should start with a separate line with a brief summary of the change, prefixed by the area touched by the patch. A few examples of good commit titles:

package/linuxptp: bump version to 2.0
configs/imx23evk: bump Linux version to 4.19
package/pkg-generic: postpone evaluation of dependency conditions
boot/uboot: needs host-{flex,bison}
support/testing: add python-ubjson tests
